their research progressed book
soon they were able to do that
thoughts impulse driven model also
Listen to complicated movement sequences
allow
but when they wanted to start their
results on life size dentures too
transfer
that always devours our money
it's all about money now after two
years of research work
us the means
They think it would be ok anyway
never a marketable product
come out but we have with the
Models still great results
scored the models are but only
Models for the next step
we would need a bigger budget
i 'm sorry chocolate i have it
tries
let's go please chocolate we pick
misaki to us and then we all live
together what do you mean no
Do not you want to tell me at all
goodbye no no
Chocolate please, I understand that it's her
I am difficult with a condition
resign
Still, there are many people doing it
to be good parents despite being
as you are tied to the wheelchair
but you do not even want to try it
I do not understand that I had one
dream and wanted to give everything for it
I was convinced of our work here
would all people who it is
rather, one day again in a position
to be running
I'm sorry
At least I could not even do that
let play with it
she would like her
Yes
instant with the pott
your dream you do not have to give it up
focus words brought team leader into the
hair on the idea how it would be possible
further research on other ways
finance
his plan because the trial models too
a completely new kind of toy
further
the profits from the sale and the
should then compete for the
continuing medical research
be used
Four years after she left
finally came to know
first angeles on the market
the success exceeded all expectations and
so could the development of
life-size dentures continued
become
misaki is now in middle school
And she wants to go to school in Tokyo
she does not say it but the reason for it
Of course, I'm stupid on that
prepare next tournament only there
we come to the brainwave data
we need for our research work
please for carrot, please, I'll tell you
a child chocolates his mother
I know that, I can tell myself
Do not hit it yet would not
distracting me too much believes more
it is the heart of me
gone to meet her but she
has the decision by itself
set a genie player to play
it is not just fate
and what now
The Chamber actually resurrected it
got up again
while the flow is too large to do so
to kill opponents with one blow
still no single is to my limits
hit again on his legs
unbelievable that they are after one
awful hit right back in
fight position is yes I have to admit
but no and bare schemann has that
also not fighting spirit
continue to fight
the land does not seem to end
but so far won
Here you can be small as must big
have hurt
this mode overloads you for one
people pretend that he has to
a marathon for a while
continue
it must be bad tortona you
Why does she want to override the mode
she would never turn me green
and off
the game off why is something wrong
that qualm lovers terrible pain
have become like doing markets in the meantime
Everything determines but that brings the
hyper mode possible i'm sorry i
do not want to hurt him go on
why does she do that she said
reader your own child for you
Nevertheless , she was worth it for me
In the beginning she has to spare pain
she'll be over power again, too
continue to stay in her mode because of her
it is clear that the caro is just like that
can defeat
who knows industries still super -
Maybe she will destroy herself
and just give in
no and apart from that, the
illness got more hits
at least points will be this
struggle to win
been